{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 In this short paper I will be comparing a CLI (command-line interface) and the graphical user interface (GUI). When I first read this, my mind went blank. But with the help of google and reddit I found a couple of good points that helped me understand! First, I will explain what the CLI is. CLI is a text-based interface that allows users to interact with a computer\'92s operating system. What\'92s an operating system? An operating system for example is Windows, Apple MacOS, and Google Android. All commands and responses are interacted by text. GLl\'92s are a little bit harder for the average person to learn, and have limited visual feedback. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 A GUI, on the other hand, is a very user friendly interface, using visual images. It allows users to interact with the system by using a mouse, touchscreen, or a keyboard. It relies on visual elements such as icons, buttons, and menus. \
CLI\'92s and GUI\'92s are both interfaces that interact with the computer\'92s operating system. CLI\'92s rely on text and GUI\'92s rely on visual components. Both interfaces play an essential role in how we interact with our computers. In simple words, GUI\'92s are easier for the average person to use and are better for visual oriented programs and CLI\'92s are aimed towards experts working on programming tasks. \
}