{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0    	After watching \'93The Last Lecture\'94 I have a little better appreciation for the life I have and the people in it. I wrote a couple things down during the lecture that stuck with me. There were about 10 things that I wrote down that affected me, but I will downsize that to three things that really stuck with me. The first being that leadership is one of the most important skills that a person should have. Leading by example and leading with intention is so important not just to yourself, but to the community that you\'92re a part of. It shows the people around you how to encourage the ones around them to be a contributor to the whole. \
\
	The next message that stuck with me was, \'93the brick walls are there to prove how badly we want something.\'94 I identify with this message heavily because I feel like a lot of my life I have been shown brick walls. Trusting myself and continuing on through those brick walls have given me the confidence and perseverance to get through a lot. For example, one of the brick walls that I have come to recently was applying for school here at the University of Montana. When I was accepted, I was accepted as an out of state student. This meant that my tuition was going to be $20,000. I was pretty shocked when I found this out, as I had been living here for three years so far, had been working in the state of Montana for the 3 years, and my car was registered in the state of MT. The only problem being that my license was still Wisconsin. Their policy was that all three of those things had to be in state to be an in state student. I worked for the next 4 months on getting all of documentation that I needed and even having a notary sign that I could be considered an in state student. I pushed past all of those brick walls and proved how badly I wanted to finish my bachelors degree. So, here I am, pursuing my bachelors degree as an in state student. \
\
	The next message that is keeping me up at night is \'93if you do anything that\'92s pioneering, you 
\f1\i \ul will
\f0\i0 \ulnone  get arrows in your back. A lot of my life has been trying to live outside of the norm. I don\'92t want a 9-5 job where you sit at a desk and type your life away. I want adventure, excitement, experiences. I know, and have experienced, that the people who don\'92t agree or don\'92t approve of what I\'92m doing are going to be so far behind me that I can\'92t hear them and ultimately will just try to shoot arrows at my back while I continue forward with my pioneering. The direction that I wanted to go in the first place. \
\
	The Last Lecture was truly a lecture worth annotating. I took a multitude of notes and I hope to look back to them in times of struggle or \'93brick walls\'94. It was truly something to learn from. \
}